    
    TITLE: 	VOTING / AUDIENCE RESPONSE	
    TYPE: 	post	
    DATE: 	2011-09-12 12:26:25	
    TAGS: 	Audience Response Voting	




<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/13.png">



Audience response systems ensure every member of your audience is involved and actively participating throughout the conference or meeting.<br/>Audience response is a proven method to help increase learning, retain knowledge, build consensus and make decisions. Audience response systems facilitate corporate organizations as well as educational institutions.




<br/><br/><br/><br/>



####Benefits of Using Audience Response Systems



Improve attentiveness and engagement



Attain buy-in through the use of the audiences “own” data



Increase knowledge retention



Poll anonymously



Real-time response



Display polling results immediately



Create an interactive and fun learning environment



Confirm audience understanding of key points immediately



Speed up decision making



Gather data for reporting and analysis



Lower your carbon footprint



Track individual responses, where required





####How does it work?



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Quiz-Night-cropped-150ppi.jpg">

<ul>
<li>Every member of your audience is given a voting handset.</li>
<li>Questions are displayed to the audience</li>
<li>Participants select their answer</li>
<li>The vote is closed and the results are instantly displayed</li>
</ul>


At Congress Rental, we provide wireless audience response systems that transmit data from the keypads to the base station via Radio Frequency (2.4 GHz WIFI).  This ensures that we can cater to both small and large groups on a single base station. The data travels via Radio Frequency, therefore participants merely need to be within range of the base station, and need not maintain line-of-sight between keypads and the receiver.



A producer will be on-site to operate the chosen audience response solution.



At the end of the event, detailed voting results will be provided for client to perform further analysis.





####What do delegates using Audience Response Systems say?



“When I was given the handset, I felt that my opinion was being valued.”



“It feels powerful as I am able to influence and help shape the outcomes of the conference.”



“It helps us, the participants, to focus on the results voted on when we are having a discussion”





####What do organisers who use Audience Response Systems say?



“It is more interesting for the audience as they are able to see how the votes go.”



“Rather than just talking, the polling results are the evidence of the discussion and group opinion.”



“Results of the votes are useful information for tracking and analysis after the event.” “I saved days of effort in compiling the evaluation forms. I was able to provide it to the client as soon as the event ended and it was all done. Fantastic!”

##  


