    
    TITLE: 	Interpreters	
    TYPE: 	post	
    DATE: 	2011-09-12 18:47:21	
    TAGS: 	Interpreters	




<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/5.jpg">



Simultaneous Interpretation Interpreters are a “Special Breed”, they have the capacity to Listen &amp; Talk at the same time, AND doing this whilst converting from one language to another.



Simultaneous Interpretation differs from Consecutive interpretation, which is first listening (Perhaps a few sentences of speech) and then interpreting into a 2nd language. This of course takes twice as long as a Simultaneous Interpretation and removes the spontaneity of conversation that can be captured with Simultaneous Interpretation.



Simultaneous Translation and Simtran are often used to mean Simultaneous Interpretation, but are terms that are not strictly correct.











####Finding an Interpreter



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/6.jpg">



Congress Rental can advise and guide clients on suitable interpreters and interpreter suppliers to best meet their objectives. This ensures that our clients receive quality Simultaneous Interpretation based on location, language requirements and budget.



When clients look to source Simultaneous Interpretation interpreters, they should always ensure that they are suitably qualified. Ensure that you have references relating to similar events, so you can be sure that your event is a success.











####Equipment Designed for Interpreters



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/7.jpg">



The Bosch Equipment was designed in conjunction with Interpreters and Interpreter Professional Organisations (AIIC). The Interpreters always have their own Interpreter desk (console) and have complete control of their input and output languages, as well as volume, bass and treble. All Interpreter desks have relay facilities.











####Our Technicians work to support Interpreters



Our technicians look after the interests of the interpreters to ensure that all their needs are met. This includes ensuring the equipment is set up in order to meet the individual interpreter’s personal preferences, locating the booths with line-of-site to the presenter and the visual presentation material, and ensuring that water and glasses are provided to the interpreters.



Prior to each event, our technicians will test the equipment with the Interpreters in situ, and undertake an end to end test of the equipment and the system. This gives the interpreters comfort that everything is tested and working and the technician comfort that the interpreters are familiar with the setup and equipment.



