~~file~~
<[TITLE: 	DCN Classic Conference Microphones	
<[TYPE: 	post	
<[DATE: 	2011-09-12 19:38:01	
<[TAGS: 	DCN Classic Wired Conference Microphones	
<[CONTENT: 	



We provide Microphones as Cross Hire / Dry Hire or Full Service Including Installation. The type of Conference microphone / Table Microphone / Push to Talk Microphone that you require is dependent on your application and budget.





####Cross Hire



We provide Cross Hire /  Dry Hire to other Audio Visual companies, Rental Companies, Staging Companies and Advanced End Users. We provide the microphones, central control unit and cables to suit your requirement. We also include a set of summarized user instructions, for any problem solving required.





####Full Service



We can provide the microphones, including delivery / Freight, Installation including integration into your sound / PA system and Operation if required. We also dismantle the equipment and remove from site on completion of the event. We also provide recording and transcription services as well as <a href="http://congressrental.com.au/?cat=16">





####Pricing



We endeavor to have the best equipment available at the best price. We make it simple by charging per microphone per day. The Central Control Unit, Cables and Power and Control Requirements accessories are all provided as part of the system. Contact us with your particular requirement for an on-the-spot price.





####DCN Discussion and Classic



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/111.jpg">



Ideal for General meeting where good audio is required.



DCN Discussion and Classic Microphones



Single cable carrying power and signal to each microphone. (Not shown in Photo)



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/2.png">





####Central Control Unit



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/DCN-CCU.gif">



The CCU has 3 cable trunks, up to 15 Microphones per Trunk, additional trunks available by adding Extension Power Supply.



The front panel allows the technician to



Set the number of “open” microphones. 1, 2, or 4



Change the  mode of operation. Open, Override or Voice Activation.



Adjust the volume from the speakers on the microphones.



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/DCN-CCU-Rear.jpg">





####Extension Power Supply



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Extension-Power-Supply.jpg">



The EPS is required when there are more than 40 Microphones in a system or if there are long cable lengths.



These systems is available for Cross Hire / Dry Hire



