    
    TITLE: 	Software Control of Microphones	
    TYPE: 	post	
    DATE: 	2011-09-12 19:41:55	
    TAGS: 	Software Control	




<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Screen-only.jpg">



A standard Conference Microphone set-up can be enhanced with the use of Software  Control and Microphone Management Software, allowing the chairman or our technician to control the microphones in the room. There are many ways in which the Software control of microphones enhances the meeting:



The Software can tell you who requested to speak first.



With large numbers of delegates, its easy to locate the person speaking



 The correct meeting protocol is easy to implement.



The chairman knows immediately who is in the queue ready to speak.



A delegate microphone accidentally left on can be remotely switched off.



Managing the time allocated to delegates is easy.





####How it works!



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/mics-dome-sftware-ctrl-cropped.jpg">



Software queuing is an additional feature that can be added to our microphone systems.



The chairman is provided a screen that shows a layout of the room showing the microphones and also a list of the delegates wishing to speak.



The technician at the back of the room has control of the system. The laptop screen is replicated for the chairman, so the chairman has full visibility on proceedings. The chairman then directs the meeting as they wish and the technician operates according to these directions.



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Screen-only.jpg">



The technician can also turn off un-used microphones.



 This close up shows the layout of the room on the left.



The queue of delegates wishing to speak on the right.



The red icon shows the microphone that is on.



The green icons show the delegates queued ready to speak.



