    
    TITLE: 	CCS900	
    TYPE: 	post	
    DATE: 	2011-09-12 20:23:20	
    TAGS: 	CCS900 Conference Microphones	




<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/CO_CCS900_KV_01.jpg">



Innovative and authentic European design



Unique, patent-pending "Possible-To-Speak" indicator



Excellent speech intelligibility with digital acoustic feedback suppression



Built-in digital (MP3) recording and playback stored on removable SD cards



Complete discussion control



Easy to use and easy to install



Future-proof system expandability



Mobile or permanent installation





####Aesthetic, compact discussion system



Known for world-class solutions for congresses and conferences, Bosch introduces the compact



but advanced CCS 900 Ultro Discussion System. Designed and developed by Bosch experts in Europe, the system makes it extremely easy to manage meetings and is ideal for small- to medium-scale meeting areas, such as town halls, local business centers and courtrooms. The new design  omplements any interior, from new, ultramodern buildings to traditional, centuries-old structures. It delivers Bosch's high quality with improved acoustical characteristics and excellent speech intelligibility.





####Compact but complete



This all-in-one system features the new, patent pending "Possible-To-Speak" function that gives delegates a visual indicator when the microphone is available for use. It features an MP3 recorder



that records up to 64 hours worth of discussions, four easy-to-use operating modes for more focus on the conversation and digital acoustic feedback suppression to avoid howling. Intuitive controls and flexible installation make the authentic CCS 900 Ultro the best possible choice for a wide range of meeting environments.





<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/CCS_DS_FL_01.jpg">



####Discussion Units



Exclusive design and high performance. The CCS 900 Ultro Discussion Units fit in any interior and have been designed with ergonomics and high acoustical performance in mind. The units come in



chairman and delegate versions, each with built-in loudspeaker and volume control, dual headphone



connections and options for short or long flexible-stem microphones.



Relevant Part Numbers:



CCS-DS    CCS 900 DELEGATE UNIT SHORT MICROPHONE



CCS-DL     CCS 900 DELEGATE UNIT LONG MICROPHONE



CCS-CMS CCS 900 CHAIRMAN UNIT SHORT MICROPHONE



CCS-CML  CCS 900 CHAIRMAN UNIT LONG MICROPHONE





####Control Unit



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/CCS_CURD_FL_01.jpg">



The CCS 900 Ultro control unit is the heart of the discussion system and lets you intuitively control your meetings using four easy-to-use operating modes. It supplies power for up to 50 delegate and chairman units and can control up to 150 discussion units. There are options for interfacing to external equipment, such as using USB to connect to a PC for archiving recorded proceedings, using regular audio connections to include a public address system, or using specific connections to integrate a telephone coupler for high-quality teleconferencing.



Relevant Part Numbers:



CCS-CU                    CONTROL UNIT



CCS-CUD                  CONTROL UNIT WITH DIGITAL ACOUSTIC FEEDBACK SUPPRESSOR



CCS-CURD               CONTROL UNIT WITH RECORDER AND DIGITAL ACOUSTIC FEEDBACK SUPPRESSOR





####The ideal discussion solution...



<a href="http://congressrental.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Com_CCS900_Fam02.jpg">



Excellent speech intelligibility and delegate management In small- to medium-sized applications, like townhalls or courtrooms, there may be different types of discussions, but they all need excellent speech intelligibility. The CCS 900 Ultro, a flexible solution for this type of venue, makes it easy to conduct meetings without an operator. The chairman can guide the discussion, allowing individual delegates to speak or letting several delegates take the microphone simultaneously. Delegates are guided by a visual LED to know when to speak. The daisy-chained system has an intuitive interface and is fast and easy to install. The system can easily handle external equipment like handheld microphones or a public address system to allow the audience to listen to the discussion.



Relevant Accessories Part Numbers:



CCS-SC10                 CCS 900 SUITCASE FOR 10 DELEGATE UNITS



CCS-SC6                   CCS 900 SUITCASE FOR CONTROL UNIT &amp; 6 DEL. UNITS



LBB3311/00            RACK MOUNTING SET



LBB3316/00            CABLE + 5 MALE + 5 FEMALE CONNECTORS, 100M



LBB3316/05            EXTENSION CABLE ASSY 5M



LBB3316/10            EXTENSION CABLE ASSY 10M



DCN-DISCLM           CABLE CLAMP (25 PCS)





####...with room to grow.



Excellent choice for dynamic business environments. The CCS 900 Ultro Discussion System makes an



excellent base installation for medium-scaled applications such as international business and conference centres. It can easily record an entire conference or event for accurate archival or publication. It is easily integrated with the Bosch Integrus Digital Infrared Language Distribution System. Since language selection occurs on the wireless Integrus receiver itself, this solution gives delegates and audience members access to simultaneous interpretations generated by interpreters at Bosch interpreter desks. Using an interface for tele- or video conferencing, two remote locations can be connected with each other.



