    
    TITLE: 	ASEAN – US Leaders Meeting	
    TYPE: 	post	
    DATE: 	2011-09-19 19:05:41	
    TAGS: 	2009	


**Location:**

####East Timor
####Features:
9 Booths
12 Microphones
80 Receivers
4 Radiators
(1 Required, but rest for redundancy)
1 Dome Camera for Remote Interpretation

**Date:**

####Nov 2009
####Notes:
Congress Rental Network provided Conference Microphones and Simultaneous Interpretation for APEC Leaders in Singapore.
Originally planning to provide equipment for ASEAN-US Dialogue conference with leaders from ASEAN along with US President Obama with 12 Microphones, 4 booths for languages ( Lao, Myanmar, Vietnam, Korea) and 80 Digital Infra-red receivers for senior government support staff. It came as quite a shock when 24 hours before the day of the event the requirement for 5 additional booths were required. Azhar Zainal, the operations manager of Congress Rental in Singapore said, “we are used to these very tight time frames for making decisions (24 hours notice), but the security to get the booths out of one venue and into the Shangri-la where the event was held was amazing, I have never seen anything like it.”
The event from a technical perspective went off seamlessly and everybody was happy.
We, along with the Mexican Interpreter also got a personal wave from President Obama.



	SINGAPORE:
	The Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd convened a breakfast meeting of 20 world leaders in Singapore on 15 Nov 2009. The Danish Prime Minister, Las Rasmussen, whom Mr Rudd invited to the breakfast to discuss the climate change talks, presented his plan. In attendance were the US President, Barack Obama, and China's President, Hu Jintao, along with all the APEC leaders attended the breakfast meeting.
	####Source:\	<a href="http://www.smh.com.au">


























